
Long long time ago, there was a poor boy called Aladdin. One day, a rich merchant came into Aladdin's house.
He said, "I will pay you enough money to you mother that you mother can live without work. But I will take you with me for my work."
Aladdin agreed and left home with the merchant. They traveled for many hours, then merchant stopped.
He took out some colored powder and threw them to the ground. After smoke arise and faded away, Aladdin saw a big crack on the ground.
The Merchant told him, "Get inside and take many golds you want. I only need the old lamp, get it out for me."
Aladdin entered the crack.

Inside was a dark passageway. The merchant had given Aladdin a torch, but the light was weak and flickering.
As Aladdin descended into the cavern, he saw something flicker in the depths.
When he got close, he saw that there were jewels and gold coins scattered all around the ground.
He grabbed more and more and lined his pockets. He could hardly believe how rich he and his mother were going to be.
Once Aladdin thought he could carry no more he turned around and was about to head back when he remembered the merchant's demand.
He found the old rusty lamp lying in a corner. As he picked it up, his hand rubbed along the metal.
With a loud whoosh, a ghostly form swirled out of the lamp. Aladdin gasped and dropped it.
Before he knew it, a strange bearded man in old clothes was standing in front of him. "I am the Genie of the Lamp. I will grant you three wishes. What is your command, Aladdin?"
Aladdin hardly knew what to say.

In a dilemma, Aladdin quickly thought of what he sought most in life. His mother
had recently fell sick and this was the perfect opportunity to fix that situation.
So, for his first wish, Aladdin quickly spurted out "I wish my mother's health
is fully restored and she never falls sick again." The bearded man replied, "
Your wish is granted." Now Aladdin was having some fun. The next idea to come to mind
did not take long for him to express, "I wish to be the richest in all of the land
and have unlimited wealth for eternity." Without blinking an eye, the Genie
said, "Your wish is granted, son." Aladdin now only had one wish left and pondered
very carefully as to how he would spend this one.

"Wait I still have to get out of this cave. The merchant is waiting for me outside
and he also wants the lamp. Now I guess probably what he really wants is you." 
Aladdin realized that once he hands this lamp to the merchant, the lamp would
be taken away, but he hadn't come up with the third wish yet. " I have to find 
a way out." Soon, he called the merchant. "Hey I got the lamp, pull me up." The
merchant got excited and did so. At the moment, Aladdin hided the lamp in his clothes.  
 
